feat(eslint-plugin): [no-explicit-any] Add an optional fixer (#609)
typescript-eslint/typescript-eslint: packages/eslint-plugin/docs/rules/no-explicit-any.md

function greet(param: Array<string>): Array<string> {}
```

## Options

The rule accepts an options object with the following properties:

```ts
type Options = {

>   // if true, only when fix any to unknown

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // if true, auto-fixing will be made available in which the "any" type is converted to an "unknown" type
```

  fixToUnknown: boolean;
};

const defaults = {

>   fixToUnknwon: false,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  fixToUnknown: false,
```
